README.md, before:

# Shifra Williams' Portfolio Website

Welcome to Shifra Williams' portfolio website! This is a modern, responsive portfolio showcasing skills, projects, and expertise in data science and technology.

## Quickstart

To run this website locally:

1. **Clone the repository and navigate to the project folder**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Ho1yShif/ho1yshif.github.io.git
   cd ho1yshif.github.io
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

The website will automatically open in your browser at `http://localhost:3000` with hot reload enabled - any changes you make will automatically refresh the page!

## Features

### 🎨 Design & UX
- Modern, clean aesthetic with strategic use of color and white space
- Responsive design that works seamlessly across all devices
- Dark/light mode toggle for enhanced user experience
- Smooth scrolling navigation with active section highlighting
- Professional animations and micro-interactions

### 📱 Responsive & accessible
- Mobile-first design approach
- Touch-friendly interactions for mobile users
- Semantic HTML structure for screen readers
- Keyboard navigation support
- High contrast ratios meeting WCAG guidelines

## Stack

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript
- **Styling**: Modern CSS with Custom Properties, Grid, Flexbox
- **Fonts**: Inter (primary), JetBrains Mono (code)
- **Icons**: CSS-based emoji icons for universal compatibility
- **Animations**: CSS transitions and keyframes, Intersection Observer API

## License

MIT License - feel free to use and modify for your own portfolio.

---

Built with ❤️ for the data science community

Commit message:

refactor: update website content and structure for Saturdata Podcast

README.md, after:

# Saturdata Podcast Website

Welcome to the official website for Saturdata Podcast! This is a modern, responsive website for the podcast by and for the data community, hosted by Shifra Williams and Sam LaFell.

## About Saturdata

Saturdata humanizes the data world for the next generation of analysts, scientists, and engineers. Join hosts Shifra Williams and Sam LaFell every weekend as they share the journey of building data careers - the wins, the struggles, and everything in between.

## How to Run Locally

To run this website locally for development:

1. **Clone the repository and navigate to the project folder**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/saturdata/saturdata.github.io.git
   cd saturdata.github.io
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

The website will automatically open in your browser at `http://localhost:3000` with hot reload enabled - any changes you make will automatically refresh the page!

## Features

### 🎙️ Podcast Website
- Episode listings and links
- Host information and bios
- Community connection links
- Modern, podcast-focused design

### 🎨 Design & UX
- Modern, clean aesthetic with strategic use of color and white space
- Responsive design that works seamlessly across all devices
- Dark/light mode toggle for enhanced user experience
- Smooth scrolling navigation with active section highlighting
- Professional animations and micro-interactions

### 📱 Responsive & Accessible
- Mobile-first design approach
- Touch-friendly interactions for mobile users
- Semantic HTML structure for screen readers
- Keyboard navigation support
- High contrast ratios meeting WCAG guidelines

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript
- **Styling**: Modern CSS with Custom Properties, Grid, Flexbox
- **Development**: Live Server for hot reload
- **Icons**: CSS-based emoji icons for universal compatibility
- **Animations**: CSS transitions and keyframes, Intersection Observer API

## License

MIT License - feel free to use and modify for your own projects.

---

Built with ❤️ for the data community
